

Program Description:

Puzzle Game:
  This program is designed for user having fun with reordering subpictures
into a whole complete image. There are nine disordered images with 100 pixe
* 100 pixel on the right hand side of canvas, and also nine empty border
with 100 pixel * 100 pixel on the left hand side canvas. The images are
disordered at begining. User can simply press and hold on image then drag
it arround canvas. However the center of image can not be dragged out of 
canvas. But if user reside the canvas, lets say if user resize canvas to 
larger. In this case, since canvas is bigger, so that user have more space
to drag the picture, but again, the center of image still can not be out
of the new size of canvas. Same thing if user resize canvas to smaller.
Consequently, no matter what size of canvas, the center of image has to be
inside of canvas before user win the game.
  The aim of this game is to let user drag images from right hand side of
canvas and place it correctly into left hand side of border. Each image has
their fixed position. User can drag images to left border and release it.
If the image go to right position, then the image will automatically lock
into border, and the color of border will change to green in the mean time.
Otherwise, the color of border still stay black, which mean user place 
image into wrong position. Program will automatically lock image for user
only when user drag image to correct border, and the center of image is
within a 50 by 50 pixels square in the center of border. At this moment, if
user release their mouse, the image will be locked into that border which
means user place it into right position. So just keep finish the rest of
images. After user place last piece of image into right position, all
borders will disappear, and there will be a green text "YOU WIN!!!" appear
on the right side of canvas in the same time. This means user has placed
all images into correct position, and win the game. :)

EC PART ( BOTH):
  
  Yeah, now this program has some more functions compare to previous one.
The basic functions are all same. However, after user win the game, and get
win meassage on the canvas. Now user is allowed to drag the entire image
arround canvas, and this time, the center of image can be off canvas.
Basically, user can drag all most whole image off canvas, but if user
resize canvas to larger, user will be able to see image again. Then user
can still drag it arround canvas. Moreover, if user click on anywhere on
the complete image, it will restart the game which mean everything will
go back to begining. ( Win message will disappear also)All nine 
image will be disordered again, so thait user can play with it again.
Have fun. :)


 In command mode, $ will go to the end of line, and
                   0 will go to the begining of line.


static mean in regards to variables

    From the website:
    "The static keyword in Java means that the variable or function is
    shared between all instances of that class as it belongs to the
    type, not the actual object themselves."
    (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/413898/what-does-the-static-
     keyword-do-in-a-class)


  "Static" mean that the mothod is associated with the class, not a 
  specific instance(object) of that class. This means that you can call
  all a static method without creating an object of the class."


overriding

  "overriding mean to override the functionality of an existing method"


6.  extract out only the columns 5 through
  13 in a file named foo

   cut -c5-13 foo
