
Program Description:

Triangles:
  
  This program is design to draw triangles while using "*". The side of
triangle is based on the number that user entered. Program will prompt
user to enter number from 2 to 19 (2 and 19 are included). If user enter
number that is less than 2 or bigger than 19 will result in error, in this
case program will prompt user to enter valid number. If user entered valid
number, program will draw 4 triangles, and there is one space between each
triangle. For instance, if user enter number 5. Then program will draw 4 
triangles while each side has five "*".

Deadmau5:

  This program is design to draw a mickey on canvas. User can simply click
on canvas to create a new mickey. Also user can press on any part of mickey
and hold to drag mickey around within canvas. In addition, user can press
and hold on mickey's left ear for more than half second, mickey will flip
to left. If user press and hold on mickey's right ear for more than half
second, mickey will flip to right. If user press and hold on mickey's face
for more than half second, mickey's face will flip. However, if user click
on overlapping area which is between face and ears, face has priority. This
mean it will flip mickey's face. If user's insertion point out of canvas,
mickey will disappear. If user enter canvas again, it will show
 instructions on canvas, and user can click again to create a new mickey
 within canvas.

RotatingDeadmau5 (EC):

  This program is design to create a mickey on canvas. User can simply click
on canvas to create a mickey. Of course, user can press on mickey and drag
it within canvas. Moreover, there is more funny with this program. User can
press and hold on mickey's ear for more than half second to rotate mickey.
For example, if user press and hold on mickey's left ear for more than half
second, mickey will rotate 90 degrees counter clockwise. If user press and
hold on mickey's right ear for more than half second, mickey will rotate 90
degrees clockwise. what's more? The color of mickey is always changing
while user rotate it. However the color of mickey is based on the direction
that mickey face to. When mickey is face up(two ear on top, face on bottom)
, the color is always black. When mickey is face left(two ears on left,
face on the right), the color is always blue. When mickey is face down 
(two ear on bottom, face on top), the color is always green. When mickey is
face right( two ears on right, face on left), the color is always red.
Also, mickey can be centered to window by pressing and holding on mickey's
face for more than half second.



Short Response:

1. jump to a certain line number
  
   Must be in command mode, type line number(where you want to jump)
   with capital G. For instance, if user want to jump to line 35,
   then in command mode, just type 35G. 

2. sets auto-indentation 
   Type ":set autoindent" to set auto-indentation.
   Type ":set noautoindent" to turn off auto-indentation.

3. undo changes in vim?

   In command mode, type "u" to undo the last change in vim.

4.  move forward one word in a line of
   code? Move back one word

   l - move forward one word
   h - move back one word

5. remove all.class files

   rm *.class

6. remove a Unix directory
  
   Type "rmdir directoryname" in terminal to remove a directory.(empty)
   Type "rm -rf directory" in terminal to remove a directory. (not empty)

   The first one will prompt a verification if there is content in folder.
   The second one will force delete entire folder and its contents without
   prompting for user verrification.






