

Program Descriptioin:

OddEven:

  This program is designed to compute the largest odd integer and smallest
even integer based on the numbers that user entered. Users are required to
enter a series of intergers (-1 -2 -3 0 1 2 3 etc.) Then program will find
out the largest odd integer and smallest even integer. For instance, if user
enter 1 2 3 4 5 6, then program will out put largest odd number is 5, and
smallest even number is 2. In addition, if user only enter odd integers
like (-3 1 5 7 9), then programm will only out put largest odd number which
will be 9. Same thing if user only enter even integers, then program will only
out put smallest even number. However, if user didn't enter anything, in this
case program will tell you "No numbers entered." (type "javac OddEven.java"
to compile then type "java OddEven" to run code. Then just enter integers,
after that hold control and press D to get results).

OddEvenEC:

  This program is designed to compute two distinct largest odd integers and two
distinct smallest integers based on the numbers that user entered. Users are
required to enter a series of integers(-1 -2 -3 0 1 2 3 etc.) For example,
if user enter 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8, then program will out put largest odd number
is 7 and second largest odd number is 5. Smallest even number is 0 and second
smallest even number is 2. Nevertheless, if user only entered a series of
odd numbers, like (1 3 5 7 9) then program will only out put largest odd 
number is 9 and second largest odd number is 7. Same thing if user only
enter even numbers, then program will only out smallest even number, and also
second smallest even number. However, if user only enter one odd or one even
number, then program will only output largest odd or smallest even number.
Moreover, if user didn't enter anything, then program just out put "No
numbers entered."(type "javac OddEvenEC.java"to compile then type
 "java OddEvenEC" to run code. Then just enter integers,
after that hold control and press D to get results.
NO QUOTATION MARK)

DraggingMickey:

  This program is going to create a creen and draw a mickey on the screen.
Just simply move your mouse into screen it will show the instructions.
Follow the instructions, click on screen anywhere it will appear a mickey
center on your mouse. Then press anywhere on mickey hold and drag anywhere
within the screen. When you are dragging mickey, mickey will turn to red
color. When you stop and release your mouse, it will turn back to black
color. You can try move your mouse out of screen, mickey will disappear.
However, if you move your mouse back to screen, and click on screen again,
it will create a new mickey for you, and you drag it again. The funny thing
is, you can move mickey to the edge of screen as long as your mouse still
inside of screen.
(Type "javac -cp ./Acme.jar:./objectdraw.jar:. DraggingMickey.java" to 
compile, then type "java -cp ./Acme.jar:./objectdraw.jar:. DraggingMickey"
to run the code. After that you can play with it. NO QUOTATION MARK)


Short Response:

1. Why is it considered an integrity violation if a student submits code
   copied from someone/somewhere else?
   
   Because as a student, we have to be honesty, respectful for our
   homework, we should do homework by ourself. Of course we can ask
   questions about homework, but if we copy someone/somewhere work,
   it will consider as cheating. This violates the rules.
   This is integrity violation.

2. What is the Linux command to rename a file?
   What is the command to copy a file?
   mv old-filename new-filename
   cp old-filename new-filename
   (hint: http://www.sdsc.edu/CCMS/DEX/doc/Basic-Unix-
   commands.htm)

3. What are three ways to enter insert mode in vim?
   "i" "a" "o"

4. What is a method?
   A method is like a funcion with a set of code, we can call it at any
   point inside our program by utlizing the method name.
   (idea from:
   http://mathbits.com/MathBits/Java/Methods/Lesson1.htm)   

5. What happens when you type ":split" in command mode in vim?
   It will split the terminal screen into two screen horizontally.
 
6. Answer : Tab

