/**
 * Name:    Xiaolong Zhou
 * Login:   cs11faug
 * Date:    Oct 19, 2015
 * File:    README
 * Source of help: karan lala, cseweb
 */

Program Description:

ResizablePizzaSliceController:

   This program is designed to draw pizzas on canvas. Canvas is separated
into four quadrant. User can simply click anywhere on canvas to draw pizza
. Each canvas will show different color of pizza, and all pizza is point to
the intersections of two lines. Futhermore, user can also press and drag
lines arround canvas. The color of pizzas will change while user drag the
line, because the color of pizzas if based on which quadrant they are in.
Moving the lines and creating more pizza, new pizza will still point to
intersection of lines, but old pizzas will keep old orientation. In
addition, user can also resize the frame, but lines will stay same
proportional to where they were on the canvas. In the meantime, pizza will
stay in the same position where they were created. The funny thing is pizzas
are not static, they are growing and shrinking all the time on the canvas.


ResizableSliceControllerEC:

   This is a improvement program based on ResizablePizzaSlice. It has all
fuctions that previous one has. Beside this, this program has some new
fuctions and more funny. After user creating pizza on canvas, user can press
and drag lines arround canvas. This time, all pizza will always point to the
intersection of two lines, also color will change based on the quadrant 
they are in. Try to draw some pizza on canvas, and drag lines trace circle,
pizza will turn like campass.

Short Response:

1. (AI) What was your proess for completing this assignment with integrity?
   
    To better understand this assignment, first i went to DI session to 
  know how this program will be. TA usually show us demo of program, this
  gives me a original impressioin about the program. Then i studied write
  up as well as the slide from DI session. These all help me and give me
  some ideas for assignment, like how do i start it, what should i do
  first? What should be really careful about? After this, i just follow
  the write up and DI slide step by step. I usually do assignment at lab,
  so every time i have trouble with code i will ask TA for help. Also, i
  will discuss problem with friends at lab sometimes, because i think this
  will help each other to understand concept and have better skill on
  coding. However, we don't share code with each other, because this will
  violate academic integrity.

2. (UNIX)From your current directory how do you copy over a java file named
  zumba from a folder four directories above? Write the full command
  required to perform this action. Please provide the exact command as we 
  weill not be lenient if any part of the command is incorrect or missing.

  cp ../../../../zumba.java .  

3. (UNIX)What does the command "man diff" do(with no quotes)?

   "man diff" command will show all help information for the diff
    command, includes a lot of useful command. 

4. (UNIX)From your current directory, how do you remove all jar files in
  your home directory?

    rm ~/*.jar   

5. (VIM)What is the difference between :q and :q! when using the commands
  to close a vim file?

   :q  Quit Vim. This fails when changes have been made.
   :q! Quit without writing.
   (bullium.com/support/vim.html) 
 
6. (VIM)What does the command "gg" do(with no quotes)?

   Command gg will go to first line, on the first non-blank character.

7. (Java)What is method overloading?
  
   If two methods of a class have the same name but otherwise different
   signatures, then the method name is said to be overload.
   ( lecture notes chapter 6&8) Basically, overload is a class have
   multiple methods with same name but different parameters.
